[SYCL][ESIMD][DOC] Update on ESIMD_EMULATOR device selection (#7107)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_intel_esimd/esimd_emulator.md

To run under emulation through ESIMD_EMULATOR backend:
> `$ SYCL_DEVICE_FILTER=ext_intel_esimd_emulator:gpu ./a.out`

> Please note that ESIMD_EMULATOR backend cannot be picked up as default
> device automatically. `SYCL_DEVICE_FILTER=ext_intel_esimd_emulator:gpu` must
> be explicitly either set as environment variable with `export` or put
> before generated application name for ESIMD kernel execution under emulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that ESIMD_EMULATOR backend cannot be picked up as default
device automatically. To enable it, `ext_intel_esimd_emulator:gpu` device must
be specified among other devices explicitly in `SYCL_DEVICE_FILTER` environment
variable. The emulator device effectively replaces any Intel GPU device for SYCL runtime,
so they can't be used simultaneously by a SYCL offload application process.
```
